What's going on in the photo?
Lin Yongli, you little bastard
Admit defeat
Mom, don't worry.
I will definitely cure you
Is it mom's biological daughter?
I'm not working hard.
Sister, his name is Lin Wenli
Does he look young on the ribs?
It's kind of familiar to see him
When I was young
I won't go on vacation.
Sister, wait a minute.
See what money you have first
What did I tell you before the game?
Let your uncle give you 50,000
You don't want to pay your mother the loan shark, do you?
Sorry, I was wrong.
You poor man with no father and no mother
If you don't listen, I'll cripple you
Let you never fight for the rest of your life
Mr. Yang, I won't dare again next time
Don't go don't go what to do
Mr. Tang, we had an agreement
I 50,000 dollars
If you want money, then kneel down for me, Yang Tong
You want to default
What happened to me?
If you want money, kneel down for me